welcome to slash forward on this curse
today we're gonna explore the curse at
film that was the free paradise the
island of dr. Moreau let's get to it
we opened hovering over the Java Sea
taking a bird's-eye view of a life raft
its occupants are experiencing some
intertribal differences which caused
these competing alphas to take their
engorged red buttocks overboard and
become shark food our survivor Douglas
is adrift for a time surviving long
enough to be picked up and lived the
subsequent days as if in a dream as he
begins to recover he gets to know the
ship's veterinarian Montgomery who tells
him that with no radio he'll have to
stay below to hydrate and wait until
they reach dry land to attempt to
contact help they arrive shortly at
murrow's Island and Douglas finds
Montgomery playing with his dinghy
preparing a shipment of exotic animals
as they traverse the island they take a
moment to cuddle and kill their dinner
for the evening and then travel to the
main compound when they arrive
Montgomery requests he limit his
movement to the main house for liability
purposes of course nothing weird going
on here of course so he waits his host
and takes in some sights assuming Aissa
is only dancing in the open because she
wants to be seen she introduces herself
as dr. murrow's daughter and Skinner's
off at the sight of Monty we learned
that dr. Moreau is a Nobel prize-winning
geneticist who stole away to the island
seventeen years ago to conduct his
research and Peet's Montgomery then
shows Douglas to his room where he locks
him in from the outside a fur is own
good though later Douglas works his way
out torso style and wanders in the
direction of a strange yowling noise he
walks in on a barnyard delivery but of
an unusual nature and the baby pops out
looks at like what and he's like her and
then he runs off to be retrieved by
Aissa who offers to show him the way out
so long as he promises never to speak
ill of her father which sounds like a
fantastic deal their path is blocked by
these dapper crimes against nature
forcing them deep inland where the
beasts are fear and hunger for meat they
eventually enlist the help of a primate
brother named Sasi man Roger born right
like a man who's sassy who leaves them
to the safety of the sky craft where the
animals await Captain Walker
to take them to the land of high
scrapers and knowing the inhabitants
here are friendly
if stinky and they take sanctuary at a
makeshift church where we learn that
monotheistic asceticism is going
strong but then the father dr. Moreau
himself arrives in his popemobile he
demonstrates his empathy and power by
giving Douglas a gun to assuage his fear
and hitting the disobedient beasts with
a sapper later at dinner they're joined
by morose children and after a traumatic
reading get to talking about the good
doctor's intentions he's seeking to
refine the human species and eliminate
the devil he found in his microscope by
interbreeding humans and animals the
monstrosities around him are tweeners
created in the pursuit of the perfect
combo which he believes he's close to
achieving he's offended by the serving
of meat concerned the island occupants
may see the killing of an animal and
partake in the practice Douglass
confirms that they did indeed see dead
rabbits in the woods so a trial is set
for the next day the trial is less about
justice the more about setting an
example through pain however when he
attempts to demonstrate his benevolence
the message gets crossed and now low my
is he thing in heaven when hyena is
paying his respects sifting through the
remains he makes a curious discovery and
learns how to take control of his life
later Montgomery is administering
medicine to the manimals it's necessary
to stop them from regressing although
the consequences of this are unspecified
he mixes in some recreational drugs to
keep them happy and compliance they spy
a patient keeping his distance when
Montgomery tries to reel him in he shows
off his discovery and escapes into the
wilderness managing to evade the hunting
party that night Monty confounds
Douglass's attempts to communicate with
the outside world and enlists his help
in finding hyena before he spreads the
idea of removing implants sho'nuff the
beasts are in the woods killing freely
unperturbed by threat of pain they
eventually sneak onto campus and are
greeted by a bemused dr. moreau who
offers to show their ears music he
notices their bleeding flanks and the
conversation turns to why am i and
what's up with this life of pain moreau
palms the sapper from mini-me but finds
it ineffective and as they aptly point
out no pain means no law if no law that
may be animals Douglass comes upon the
wretched site and manages to scare them
off with some ineffective blasting in
their general direction they bird him as
is the custom and wait for a sign of
what to do next as Douglas goes for
broken fully hits on Aissa she's
self-conscious about becoming a kitty
cat but that's pretty much his ideal
scenario he runs to Monty's lab to look
for the anti regression serum to keep
his little pretty breathable but finds
the lab destroyed in montgomery in the
grips of madness at the docks hyena and
the doctor's son agree to exchange
implant removal for a gun cash they then
stormed the church where montgomery as
an
a drug-induced Manimal orgy and the
stench is unbelievable and then they
kill Monty back at the lab Douglas
explains to a Issa that they intended to
use his DNA to make the serum for her
but it's gone now so he offers a direct
injection however they're interrupted
when the wrecking crew rolls through
hyena attempts to consolidate his power
looking for the last five men to sign
off on his status as God Douglas vouches
for him but has a quandary if they all
ate the flesh of the Father who is the
one true God this blows their animal
minds resulting in an immediate fight
for top status which ends when the more
peaceful hybrids are able to take
advantage of their superior numbers and
restore order
Douglas then attempts to leave promising
to return but to what no one knows we
then end the movie on a sanctimonious
monologue on the nature of man and that
was the island dr. Moreau a beautiful
mess that significantly stalled the
budding feature film career of Richard
Stanley director of hardware next week
we'll be rounding out his filmography
with his recent release based on an HP
Lovecraft story so check back if you
enjoyed the video I'd love for you to
become a part of the channel by
subscribing thanks for watching